[Music]
Hello hearts how are you I hope you're
having a spectacular day pay
attention because I have news for you that
will leave us indifferent and it's not a
headline that a youtuber stringer says it
or not, this is a headline that
the media has told you well
like week
the reason and a few newspapers
that the truth is quite credible okay
quite credible and at the moment
several months have passed since this news and they
still have not demanded the right to
rectification from any of them okay
this comes to mind with one of the
expressions that Rocío Carrasco had yesterday
and it reminded me of it listening to
Federico Jiménez losantos when she said
that last night Rocío Carrasco uh said that
Antonio David was a very bad father and was
very bad that he was making his son believe that
she was a bad mother that she didn't
love him and that she didn't pay him child support
okay sailor cloth okay before
continuing with the video I'm going to tell you
a little secret so that you can earn money okay
This is not false I told you last night I told you  I
also posted it on Facebook on Twitter I
posted it to you live and a lot of
people have told me Javi but it's fake
Javi but let's see if it's a scam
no family I would never promote
any strange company this company is
currently the number one company on social
media they are not going to scam you okay if you
want to do it and if not don't do it
But I'm saying this so you can do it
okay because you get a little money without
doing anything it's been like this with the keyboard a
couple of times okay you download the new
application in the link that you have in the
pinned comment okay you download the
new application once you
download it log in look for
this little chest this little gift Okay and
inside there will be a place for you to log in
every day you have to
do it all week and enter this
code okay this code that I'm going to give you
that I'm also going to put in the
pinned comment and they pay you that you
recommend it to I tell you Hey Well maybe  you
can withdraw 20 or 30 euros without
doing anything but simply because you
download it it pays you and I'm also
telling you
this I have my word you have my word here the moment you click the button to claim the money they will deposit it into the bank or PayPal wherever you want So nothing if you want to take some free money there without doing anything then I'll leave it all in the
pinned comment Rocío Carrasco
faces a year in prison and a 15,000
euro fine at the request of her son
David okay this criminal complaint is very
simple I'll explain it to you in a moment It
turns out that at one time there was a judge
who
ruled that Rocío Carrasco was
obliged to pay child support for her
son David Although the son lived with the
father okay he was a
dependent person with special needs and
also financially dependent on his
mother and the mother has to pay him
a pension of 200 euros a month
200 euros do you know what 200  little
euros I don't say this with contempt
because I know that for many
people 200 euros is a lot but I don't think that's
the case of Rocio Jurado okay, about
Rocio Jurado's daughter, Rocio
Carrasco, I don't think that's the case that she ca
n't pay 200 euros. Okay, what's
happening? Well, she has tried to get
the case dismissed but it's not
dismissed in fact according to what
these media outlets tell us okay, look, Rocio Carrasco
has one foot in jail for this
devastating reason, they put the province,
judge Caravantes imposes
a bail of 6000 euros on Rocio Carrasco. Justice is
looking for the money that Rocio Carrasco earns
on television so that she can pay child support
for her son and many more headlines that you're
going to find. Okay, what's happening?
Although the
dismissal has been requested, okay, I don't know why she
wants the dismissal because according to
Rocio Carrasco, the dismissal doesn't
mean anything, it's garbage, it doesn't
mean that anyone, no, Rocio Carrasco, if the
case is dismissed, it's not that risky,
you're not  innocent because you haven't been
tried No, that's what you say with
the cases of abuse well Well, it turns out
that no, the judge of
criminal indications and the tape in the dock is
worth it And here's a curiosity Here's a
curiosity okay, she's facing
money that here if you want to see it
exactly, well it's
broken down here for you, it's worth a total of
10,800 euros plus another 8,200 with
interest okay, so look, the money that
is money comes out, she owes money to the son
but look at this money that is that
this money can she pay it, she could have
paid it to the son whenever she
wanted and she doesn't pay it and she doesn't
pay it and now they're charging her with a
crime there of what is called
family abandonment I think it's called the crime
of not paying child support and here there's a
very interesting peculiarity that has
caught my attention Okay, says the
justice
in ep.es the justice cannot find the
money to seize Rocío Carrasco and
makes her pay child support for her son
David Flores, 200 euros per month  to which she has been
obligated since January
2018 and which she has not paid on any
occasion since then according to the
young man's complaint okay because apparently
the complaint was first filed by Antonio David and
the judge forced
David Flores to file it and David Flores wanted to
file it okay Judge Sonsoles Georgia
ordered Carrasco almost five years ago to
deliver that monthly amount to her son
who is of legal age and lives with his father
because he was financially dependent
in addition to suffering from a
genetic disease okay
apparently according to what is being told here the
issue okay they are ordering an embargo
on Rocío Carrasco
however I think it is provisional not in
case the issue of later that she wants to pay us
the pension or whatever no but to
have those 6,000 euros there is an embargo of
6,000 euros and it turns out to be well no that they
cannot find the money or that they
are looking for it I do not know what exactly what is
happening look in the last decree it
was explained that the purpose of
embargoing the money that Rocío Carrasco
receives for her participation is to cover the
sum of 5,800 euros of principal plus  900
euros for interest on the debt that the
woman has with her son okay
the court ordered last
May in addition another
patrimonial investigation on Rocío Carrasco to
try to find some money with
which to pay the maintenance to her son Okay and
the previous investigations ordered on
April 30 by Judge Verónica
Caravantes head of court number 3
of Alcobendas and in charge of investigating the
complaint of Antonio David Flores and his
son against Ro
discovered that the woman had
declared 0 euros of income in
2018 and 25,000 euros in 2020 in
the latter case it was payment from
the editor of the magazine Hola the
actors association and a television production company
called proa Magna okay they
are looking for the money to
seize it okay But this is very very very very
strange okay the question here would be to
see if they dedicate an episode
to this the truth because Antonio Gavilán
dedicated an episode to the payment of the
girl's pension to the payment of the child's pension
that if he doesn't have  nothing, her name Well,
nothing. Honestly, from an
objective press and an objective communications doctor,
I wouldn't expect anything else than for them to
dedicate an episode to Rocío Carrasco
because of the fact that
the media is saying it and if it's a lie, I'll be
delighted to hear the arguments
because the truth is that they haven't asked
any of these media for the right to rectification.
Families, remember that in the
comments box I'm going to leave the
application for you to win a
little money and have a great time. A
hug, everyone, until the next video.
[Music]